Open Web Foundation Notice and Disclaimer
-----------------------------------------

1. _Notice and Disclaimer._ Open Web Foundation is not a party to
this Agreement and makes no warranties (express, implied, or
otherwise), including implied warranties of merchantability,
non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose, or title,
related to the Specification.  The entire risk as to implementing or
otherwise using the Specification is assumed by the Specification
implementer and user.  IN NO EVENT WILL OPEN WEB FOUNDATION BE
LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY FORM OF INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER FROM
ANY CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT,
WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR
OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
Open Web Foundation has expressly identified itself being bound to
this Agreement, it will have all rights and obligations under the
Agreement.

2. _Trademark._ Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the
public that the Specification is licensed under an Open Web
Foundation agreement, Open Web Foundation does not authorize the use
by any party of the trademark "Open Web Foundation" or any related
Open Web Foundation trademark or logo without the prior written
consent of Open Web Foundation. Any permitted use will be in
compliance with Open Web Foundation's then-current trademark usage
guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made
available upon request from time to time.

3. _Copyright._ The Open Web Foundation makes this Agreement
available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/).
