Open Web Foundation Agreement Version 0.9
-----------------------------------------

1. _The Purpose of this Agreement._ This Agreement sets forth the
terms under which I make certain copyright and patent rights available
to you for your Implementation of the Specification.  Capitalized
terms are defined in the Agreement's last section.

2. _Copyright._

    1. _Copyright Grant._ I grant to you a perpetual (for the
    duration of the applicable copyright), worldwide, non-exclusive,
    no-charge, royalty-free, copyright license, without any obligation
    for accounting to me, to reproduce, prepare derivative works of,
    publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, distribute, and
    implement the Specification to the full extent of my copyright
    interest in the Specification.

    2. _Attribution._ As a condition of the copyright grant, you
    must include an attribution to the Specification in any derivative
    work you make based on the Specification.  That attribution must
    include, at minimum, the Specification name and version number.

3. _Patents._

    1. _Patent Non-Assert._

        1. _The Promise._ I, on behalf of myself and my successors in
        interest and assigns, irrevocably promise not to assert my
        Necessary Claims against you for your Implementation, subject
        to the following.  This is a personal promise directly from me
        to you, and you acknowledge as a condition of benefiting from
        it that no rights from me are received from suppliers,
        distributors, or otherwise in connection with this promise.
        This promise also applies to your making, using, selling,
        offering for sale, importing or distributing an implementation
        of any subsequent derivative works incorporating the
        Specification 1) only to the extent that it implements the
        Specification, and 2) so long as all required portions of the
        Specification are implemented.  This promise does not extend
        to any portion of the derivative work that was not included in
        the Specification.

        2. _Termination._

            1. _As a Result of Claims by You._ All rights, grants, and
            promises made by me to you under this Agreement are
            terminated if you file, maintain, or voluntarily
            participate in a lawsuit against me or any person or
            entity asserting that its Implementation infringes your
            Necessary Claims, unless that suit was in response to a
            corresponding suit first brought against you.

            2. _As Result of Claims by a Related Entity._ If a Related
            Entity of mine files, maintains, or voluntarily
            participates in a lawsuit asserting that an Implementation
            infringes its Necessary Claims, then I relinquish any
            rights, grants, and promises I have received for the
            Specification from other signatories of this Agreement,
            unless a) my promise to you was terminated pursuant to
            section 3.1.2.1, or b) that suit was in response to a
            corresponding suit first brought by you against the
            Related Entity.

        3. _Additional Conditions._ This promise is not an assurance
        (i) that any of my copyrights or issued patent claims covers
        an Implementation or are enforceable or (ii) that an
        Implementation would not infringe intellectual property rights
        of any third party.  Notwithstanding the personal nature of my
        promise, this promise is intended to be binding on any future
        owner, assignee or exclusive licensee who has been given the
        right to enforce any Necessary Claims against third parties.

        4. _Bankruptcy._ Solely for purposes of Section 365(n) of
        Title 11, United States Bankruptcy Code and any equivalent law
        in any foreign jurisdiction, this promise will be treated as
        if it were a license and you may elect to retain your rights
        under this promise if I (or any owner of any patents or patent
        applications referenced herein), as a debtor in possession, or
        a bankruptcy trustee, reject this non-assert.

    2. _Patent License Commitment._ In addition to rights granted in
    3.1, on behalf of me and my successors in interest and assigns, I
    agree to grant to you a no charge, royalty free license to my
    Necessary Claims on reasonable and non-discriminatory terms solely
    for your Implementation.

4. _Good Faith Obligation._ I agree that I have not and will not
knowingly take any action for the purpose of circumventing my
obligations under this Agreement.

5. _Disclaimers._ THIS SPECIFICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS."  I expressly
disclaim any warranties (express, implied, or otherwise), including
implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a
particular purpose, or title, related to the Specification.  The
entire risk as to implementing or otherwise using the Specification is
assumed by the Specification implementer and user.  IN NO EVENT WILL
ANY PARTY BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY FORM OF
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
CHARACTER FROM ANY CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS
AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  All of my obligations
under Section 3 regarding the transfer, successors in interest, or
assignment of Necessary Claims will be satisfied if I notify the
transferee or assignee of any patent that I know contains Necessary
Claims of the obligations under Section 3.  Nothing in this Agreement
requires me to undertake a patent search.
    
6. _Definitions._

    1. _Agreement._ "Agreement" means this document, which sets
    forth the rights, grants, promises, limitations, conditions,
    obligations, and disclaimers made available for the particular
    Specification.

    2. _Bound Entities._ "Bound Entities" means the entity listed
    below and any entities that the Bound Entity Controls.

    3. _Control._ "Control" means direct or indirect control of more
    than 50% of the voting power to elect directors of that
    corporation, or for any other entity, the power to direct
    management of such entity.

    4. _I, Me, or My._ "I," "me," or "my" refers to the signatory
    below and its Bound Entities, if applicable.

    5. _Implementation._ "Implementation" means making, using,
    selling, offering for sale, importing or distributing any
    implementation of the Specification 1) only to the extent it
    implements the Specification and 2) so long as all required
    portions of the Specification are implemented.

    6. _Necessary Claims._ "Necessary Claims" are those patent
    claims that a party owns or controls, including those claims
    acquired after the Date below, that are necessary to implement the
    required portions (including the required elements of optional
    portions) of the Specification that are described in detail and
    not merely referenced in the Specification.

    7. _Related Entities._ "Related Entities" means 1) any entity
    that Controls the Bound Entity ("Upstream Entity"), and 2) any
    other entity that is Controlled by an Upstream Entity that is not
    itself a Bound Entity.

    8. _Specification._ "Specification" means the `__________________`
    version `___________` specification as of the Date entered below.

    9. _You or Your._ "You," "you," or "your" means any person or
    entity who exercises copyright or patent rights granted under this
    Agreement, and any person or entity you Control.


Signing Instructions
--------------------

- Individuals. If you are signing this Agreement as an individual,
please sign below and check the "Individual" box.

- Corporate/Entity. If you are signing this Agreement on behalf of a
corporation, employer, partnership, or similar legal entity, ensure
that an authorized individual signs the Agreement and includes the
highest entity in the corporate hierarchy that will be granting rights
under this Agreement as the Bound Entity.

    
                  By: _______________________________  _________________________
                      (Full Name)                      (Authorized Signature)
    

        On Behalf Of: __ Individual
    
                 (or) __________________________________________________________
                      (Highest level Bound Entity bound to this Agreement)


                Date: _______________

Open Web Foundation Notice and Disclaimer
-----------------------------------------

1. _Notice and Disclaimer._  Open Web Foundation is not a party to this
Agreement and makes no warranties (express, implied, or otherwise),
including implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement,
fitness for a particular purpose, or title, related to the
Specification.  The entire risk as to implementing or otherwise using
the Specification is assumed by the Specification implementer and
user.  IN NO EVENT WILL OPEN WEB FOUNDATION BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER
PARTY FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY FORM OF INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER FROM ANY CAUSES OF ACTION OF
ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF
CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR
NOT THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Open Web Foundation has
expressly identified itself being bound to this Agreement, it will
have all rights and obligations under the Agreement.

2. _Trademark._  Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the
public that the Specification is licensed under an Open Web Foundation
agreement, Open Web Foundation does not authorize the use by any party
of the trademark "Open Web Foundation" or any related Open Web
Foundation trademark or logo without the prior written consent of Open
Web Foundation. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Open Web
Foundation's then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be
published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from
time to time.

3. _Copyright._ The Open Web Foundation makes this Agreement
available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/).
